the universe is is to all intents and
purposes unlimited and it is our
um home
and
um the to regard
um just the resources that you know
about today as being the resources will
always lead you into the era of thinking
that they are finite and then once we
have used them up what will we do then
unfortunately we have no choice because
even if we remained at a present level
of technology and some and sustained it
forever all that would do is postpone
our Extinction
if we want to avoid our Extinction we
have there is nothing sustainable except
the growth of knowledge
you're not arguing of course that we
should want only go out and waste
physical resources that's not the point
that you're making no that's not the the
question is whether there is an inherent
limit on our progress or not